# Week 3 Standup

⚙️ Overview - For Week Three, I worked on building out each of the secondary pages of the website, adding new component snippets, refactoring my existing code, improving the accessibility of the site, and filling in the rest of the content to match my Figma prototype. I am very happy with the state that the project is in at the moment. It was easy to make changes to the existing code, making it very easy to add additional HTML components and CSS styles. The BEM CSS naming convention made it much easier to manage and organize my CSS too! My code is straightforward to understand and doesn't require many comments to explain what certain things do. Overall, with the additional refactoring and accessibility improvements I made this week, I am happy to say that all secondary pages have now been completely built, and the overall look and feel, responsiveness, and accessibility of the website is relatively high.

<br>

🌵 Challenges - This week, I had two issues that took a lot of time to resolve, but I eventually figured things out. First, I was looking to improve my Git commit messages. While attempting to change my message formatting, I accidentally pushed a few commits that weren't formatted in the way I expected. Luckily, I found a way to remove the incorrect commits and re-push the ones that were formatted better, but it took a little trial and error to get my local and remote changes to match up. In the future, I plan to use the Source Control window in Visual Studio code because it is a lot easier to format Git commit messages than using the terminal window and will save me time. Second, I had some trouble building the article card component. Since the component had a slightly different look and feel from the other card-like components I'd built so far, I struggled to get the article card to look the way I wanted it to look. After noticing that I needed to take a break, I quickly fixed the issues I was experiencing the following day. So now, the article card component is working as expected, and I learned a valuable lesson. When you are burnt out, take a break and come back. Sometimes you need to rest and review your code with a fresh perspective to solve a problem.

<br>

🏆 Accomplishments - This week, I leveled up my ability to create additional UI/UX components and integrate them into an existing project. Based on my Figma prototype, I created some UI/UX card-like components for many of the pages, and in Week Three, I knew I had to build the components before filling in each secondary page. So to build the new components, I duplicated and renamed the HTML of an existing component close in appearance to the one I needed to build. I also duplicated and renamed the corresponding CSS styles. After duplicating and renaming, I modified the HTML structure and CSS styles to create the new component. And repeating this process made it easy to build each component I needed, making it very quick and easy to fill in each secondary page with these components once they were ready to go. So overall, I leveled up my skills in building components and was able to experience first-hand how using components in a website project can save a tremendous amount of time when done correctly.

<br>

🔮 Next Steps - In the final week, I plan to continue to refactor my code and improve the accessibility of the website in addition to making any required changes to the project. I'm a little concerned that I may not have that much to do regarding refactoring and accessibility since the quality of my work is already relatively high, and there is a requirement of four commits for the week. Nonetheless, I will seek other opportunities to further improve my skills and the project by asking for feedback, asking questions, and further reviewing my work.

<br>

